Docs: Add docs for new default auth UI customization feature (#30830)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/internal-ui-default-auth-methods.mdx

---
layout: api
page_title: /sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods - HTTP API
description: The '/sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods' endpoint returns any configured or inherited default and backup auth methods for a given namespace.
---

# `/sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods`

@include 'alerts/enterprise-only.mdx'

> The `/sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods` endpoint is used to return explicitly set or inherited default and backup auth methods for a given namespace.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should add `types` so people don't mix this up with the endpoint that returns mount method data

```suggestion
The `/sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods` endpoint is used to return explicitly set or inherited default and backup auth method types for a given namespace.
```

> The `/sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods` endpoint is used to return explicitly set or inherited default and backup auth method types for a given namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods` is a Vault-internal endpoint used to
return the explicit, or inherited, default and backup auth method types for a
given namespace.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

> The namespace is derived from the request itself in the `X-Vault-Namespace` header.
> 
> This should only be used internally by the UI. Due to the nature of its
> intended usage, there is no guarantee on backwards compatibility for this endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vault derives the approprate namespace from the `X-Vault-Namespace` request
header. `/sys/internal/ui/default-auth-methods` is not intended for general use
and makes no guarantee of backwards compatibility over time.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not convinced it's a dire enough situation to justify a warning box tbh

If we really feel we need a warning box, we should create a standardized alert (like the enterprise-only and restricted partials) as a partial that we can apply to all internal endpoints.

## Get UI default login configuration

> This endpoint returns any configured or inherited default and backup auth methods for a given namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
@include 'alerts/unrestricted.mdx'

Return any configured, or inherited, default and backup authentication methods
for a given namespace.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, prefer full words over abbreviations

> <Note title="Unauthenticated">
> A Vault token is not required to interact with this API.
> </Note>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
We have a partial for unauthenticated endpoints. Added above
